hi my name is Salim after Alex today I
cook hungarian goulash soup because we
are / i show you how i make first time
so you need 2 tbsp olive oil and this is
a cod huge onion
[Music]
add two different pepper and tomato
you need a hunter green pepper 1/2 red
pepper and I put 5 centimeters
you have to study ad hominem
nice but this is a famous a Hungarian
less so now I shall see everything - so
this is ready something and now I put 2
TSP pepper paprika sorry
[Music]
and when you finish with me
this is on fun fun sport meet my usual
the pork shoulder you have to sit
together with some need three minutes
after you give a leaflet you have to so
now I added 1 cup of water third time
and you have to mix again and 10 or 15
minutes the check after we give more
liquid and don't forget please 1
teaspoon salt
they do maybe they need more just first
time I always add just this one hi I
come back so okay this half Thunder no
you have to add vegetable I used four
different color okay sorry
carrot mix so this is a one huge sports
neck and to slice of celery root cut and
you added this this is a one stick of
celery
and this is a cilantro quarter of
cilantro and chopped and three proof of
garlic really really necessary you put
every vegetable because this gives you a
very very beautiful piece now add 1tsp
cannabis it just to give you a very very
good taste so you mix so now again you
need 2 cups of model there are two parts
and smell is fantastic you have to try
this soup I know all your familiar
friend is love it so now again we left
this for 20-25 minutes
hi I'm coming back so this is almost
ready you have to see this really really
nice color and smell and taste I mean
for large potato and cut to small pieces
you have to edit
[Applause]
this is very well ignored you Vinnie
just maybe 2025 minute 13 and ready I
could crush hot chilies 1 tsp now left
good for cup of water again and we need
1 tsp more salt
[Music]
and we left cook for 20-25 minutes after
I came back fine
hi I come back so my goulash soup is
ready I show you how I serve it you know
before you serve it you always have to
taste it maybe you need a little more
salt or up to you so now I serve it
I would like serve it to you serve it
now I have to put a little cilantro this
is just for this so I put here and now I
be a biscuit it's really very simple
biscuit or visit it is so important
so over a fatty thank you very much bye